[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to destroy
the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all-out war.
Luffy and his friends
thwarted their plans,
but soon became
wrapped up in the affairs
of another dangerous pirate:
Big Mom of the Four Emperors.
[BIG MOM]
Forget Fishman Island.
Now that you've chosen
to go against me,
I'll just have my
revenge on you instead!
Well then, Monkey D. Luffy.
Now that I know who you are,
come here.
Let's chat in the New World!
Sure thing. Be there soon.
I've got something I need
to settle with you, too.
[BIG MOM]
Hm?
I like this island.
It's too risky to
trust you with it!
Once I get there,
I'm gonna kick your ass.
And then I'll make
Fishman Island my territory!
[BIG MOM growling]
[BIG MOM]
Little brat!
[LUFFY]
"Many Problems Lie Ahead!
A Trap Awaiting
in the New World!"
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Here.
[USOPP]
Oh, thanks!
It's some of our
famous kelp tea.
Please give it a try.
It helps with digestion,
so it'll do you good
after that big meal.
It's great! Thanks for all
the hospitality, Minister!
Yes, you've treated
us so generously.
I just hope we haven't
inconvenienced you.
Oh, no. There are no words
to describe my gratitude
for what you all have
done for Fishman Island.
This is the least I can do.
Ahh. Man, it's too bad we have
to get outta here soon, huh?
[cries] Please don't talk about
leaving the island, Nose-opp!
I'm not ready to
say goodbye to you!
D-Don't cry! I'm sorry, okay?
And it's Usopp.
Oh, hey, where'd
Franky run off to?
He went to figure out something
with the ship earlier.
Apparently there's some
trick he needs to learn
to get us back up
to the surface.
Huh.
Oh, yes. This must be
the list of valuables
that were stolen out of
the treasure chamber.
My goodness.
This is more than I thought.
The Tamate Box, too?
Wait, that means...
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT screams]
[CARIBOU panting]
Straw Hat, of course
he'd show up!
If not for him,
I would be rich by now!
[CARIBOU chuckles]
Oh well. It wasn't
a total loss, at least.
Still got plenty
of treasure in me.
Now I'll buy about a
hundred pirate ships,
so when I get to the New World,
I can wipe out those
damn Straw Hats!
Huh?
[CARIBOU]
What? It's gone!
How could someone
steal my stolen gold?
I can't even afford
a piece of candy
to soothe my sorrows now!
My dear, sweet,
precious treasure!
Mark my words, I will find you!
[NEPTUNE]
By the way, Jimbei.
Since we haven't
spoken in some time,
might you tell me how the
Sun Pirates are faring?
Quite well. In fact,
they have so much energy,
I can scarcely keep up
with them sometimes.
[NEPTUNE] Hm. If I may be
perfectly frank with you,
I never imagined
that the Sun Pirates
would align themselves
with Big Mom.
I was quite taken
aback by the news,
but perhaps that is
my ignorance speaking.
Do you believe it's
a wise decision?
Big Mom is ruthless,
but she lets us do as we please.
It's fine for now.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm. I see.
Then if I may be
frank once more,
it surprises me that
you're comfortable
taking orders from anyone
other than Fisher Tiger.
No, it's all right.
I'm not above working under
someone else's authority
by any means.
That's the way it works
in the New World.
If a captain wishes to guarantee
the safety of his crew,
allying with the Four Emperors
is the best way to do it.
[NEPTUNE]
Is that all?
It seems to me that
you're doing it
for the good of
Fishman Island as well.
Even after Whitebeard's passing,
our kingdom remained safe
under Big Mom's protection
because you connected
us with her.
We can't thank you
enough for that, Jimbei.
Oh, no. Please don't thank me.
We have a responsibility
to make sure
Fishman Island is protected,
even if we are wanted criminals.
[NEPTUNE chuckles]
Having said that...
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
...I believe that the
time may have come
for me to terminate my
partnership with Big Mom.
[NEPTUNE] Ah, so you're going
to accept Luffy's invitation?
[LUFFY]
Hey, Jimbei.
What do you say, pal?
Will you join my crew?
Yes. I have made my decision.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm.
But the pirate world operates
through honor, not contracts.
We'd much rather make a
verbal agreement over drinks
than sign documents.
Because of that, we mustn't
go breaking such agreements
without careful consideration.
What concerns me the most
is the possibility that
Big Mom will direct her
anger at Fishman Island.
[NEPTUNE]
Honestly, Jimbei.
You need not feel responsible
for every little thing.
[NEPTUNE] If such an incident
comes to pass, then so be it.
I have a plan.
Why, just today
we took in 70,000
fierce newcomers
from Fishman District.
They'll make fine soldiers.
Do not worry about us, jamon.
[NEPTUNE] And in the event
we lose the protection
of Big Mom's Jolly Roger,
there is another flag
I'd like to use instead.
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
[NEPTUNE] One with a
straw hat might look nice,
don't you think, jamon?
[laughs] Couldn't agree more!
I'm partial to
that flag, myself!
[NEPTUNE, JIMBEI laughing]
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS chattering]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Your Majesty!
Forgive me! But we
have a serious problem!
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
It's terrible!
[NEPTUNE] What's the matter,
Minister of the Right?
I remembered something
from long ago!
With all due respect,
sir, we made a mistake
by letting the Straw Hat Pirates
keep that stolen treasure!
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
I'm not certain if
they found it yet,
but if they do,
could you please ask them
to give the Tamate
Box back to us?
[NEPTUNE]
How dare you?!
I could never ask
them to return a gift
that we gave them for saving us!
I know, but...
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS chattering]
[NEPTUNE]
If they open it, it'll explode?!
Why would you do such a thing?!
I-I'm sorry.
But you see, after the Tamate
Box was stolen ten years ago,
I figured if another
thief were to take it,
we ought to teach them a lesson.
I decided to rig the
box with explosives
that would detonate as soon
as the box was opened.
It seemed like a good
idea at the time.
But I was wrong!
And since I'm in charge
of the Tamate Box
and the rest of the
treasure chamber, I--
[NEPTUNE]
Very well, I understand.
If Luffy and the others
return with the treasures,
please explain the situation
and take the Tamate Box back
before someone gets hurt.
I do apologize.
[NEPTUNE] Oh dear,
but there's still a chance
that they'll open it
before they get back.
Yes, that concerns me as well.
[FISHMAN SOLDIER C] Your
Majesty! Minister! An update!
Luffy and the others
have just returned.
Ah! So they made it
back safely! That's excellent!
It appears I was
worried over nothing!
[NAMI, NEPTUNE, USOPP, CHOPPER]
What?!
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS]
Huh?
You gave the treasure...
[NEPTUNE]
...to Big Mom?
Luffy!
I had to! She was gonna
wreck the whole island
'cause she didn't get any candy!
What is her problem?
I mean, if it was meat,
I'd understand.
But don't worry,
I already handled it.
'Cause I picked up that snail
and gave her a piece of my mind!
[ALL]
Seriously?!
Yeah, but no one
talks back to her!
[ROBIN giggles]
My! That's wonderful! You sure
are brave, Luffy! [giggles]
Don't encourage him,
this isn't a good thing!
[SHIRAHOSHI cries] Please
don't yell at me, Nose-opp!
[USOPP]
I told you, it's Usopp!
Ah, whatever, I'm sorry.
[JIMBEI] Oh, Luffy,
what have you done now?
I'd better sever my
bond with Big Mom
before this gets any
more complicated.
I understand this
may be difficult,
especially for your
hard-headed captain,
but please refrain from
agitating her any more!
No joke!
She's one of the Four Emperors
and I'm way too young to die!
[NEPTUNE] This is even
worse than we feared!
What are we going to do now?
If Big Mom gets that Tamate Box
and she opens it herself,
it's going to blow up in her
face and then we're screwed!
She'll think Straw Hat's
trying to start trouble
and then there'll be
a war on our hands!
[NEPTUNE]
We mustn't let that happen!
[SANJI] Well, it's not like he
had any other choice, right?
Yeah, and it's
already been done now.
Guess you kinda had to
stand up to her.
I suppose I can't really be
upset at you over that.
Exactly! I couldn't just let
her punish these guys for--
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS gasp]
[thud]
That's my girl.
[NAMI]
Still.
I can't believe you gave
her all of the treasure!
[BROOK, CHOPPER, USOPP]
Nami!
I'll punch you out!
You did that already!
[LUFFY]
Okay! Here goes!
To the New World!
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK]
We're all gonna die!
[BROOK]
Well, I'm already dead, but...
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
not far from the candy factory.
Dammit all!
Someone must've picked up
the treasures and ran
when I was knocked out
on the ground!
Whoever the thief may be,
I'll make sure they suffer
for what they've done!
All I have to do now is
confront those pickpockets
and take the riches back again!
With that and the
new information
about the Mermaid Princess,
I can make a good
impression for sure!
Wait a minute!
Who are they, and what have
they got in those bags?
Straw Hat Luffy, huh?
What makes that punk think
he can pick a fight with Mama?
Me oui, the monsieur does have
a certain je ne sais quoi.
She must be furious.
[PEKOMS]
The tea party's in four days.
I say we get her as many treats
as we can on the way back.
We can't fix it, but hopefully
we can soften the blow.
At least a little bit.
[TAMAGO] Indeed, hopefully
a détente a la sweets
will be adequate.
And I am sure the
treasures won't hurt.
I knew it! Those are mine!
Just wait till I catch you two!
I'll bury you alive!
I stole those treasures once.
That means I can
steal them again!
Pardón?
I feel like I've seen that
ugly mug before, garrr!
There he is.
It says here he's
an up-and-comer,
goes by the name
"Wet-Haired" Caribou, grr.
Oh, so he's worth 200 million.
Great! Just when we
thought this was over!
[CARIBOU chuckles] It's too
late for you to beg for mercy!
[laughs]
[CARIBOU]
Swamp-Swamp Gatling Gun!
[CARIBOU laughing]
Sorry, boys!
That's what happens
when you steal from me!
[laughing]
[FISHWOMAN A screams]
This is crazy!
[CROWD murmuring]
[CARIBOU laughs]
[laughs] Huh?
Wait, what?
[CARIBOU]
Huh? A turtle?
Devil Fruit power?
[PEKOMS] Of course!
What else would it be?
[chuckles] A turtle
Zoan-type, huh?
Who cares! [cackles]
You don't scare me!
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
[PEKOMS grunts]
[CARIBOU groans]
[CROWD gasps]
[growls]
People with Logia
Devil Fruit powers
always end up dying young.
You fools think that power
makes you invincible, grr.
Half-boiled challengers
are tres disappointing.
Allons-y, Monsieur Pekoms.
Mama's waiting.
[FISHMAN C] That guy's worth
200 million, a-and he just...
If I remember, Pekoms has
a bounty of 330 million.
That's pretty scary!
And Big Mom probably
makes what he just did
look like child's play!
[FISHMAN D] I sure hope Luffy
knows what he's doing.
[CROWD chattering]
This is quite a sendoff.
[LUFFY]
There's the Sunny.
[USOPP]
Yeah, I see Franky!
He looks like he's
ready to set sail.
Hey! Franky!
I can't wait!
[NARRATOR]
And, somewhere near the Red Line
in the waters of the New World.
[bell tolling]
[MARINE C]
Urgent report from headquarters!
Several coated ships are
ascending from the sea floor
at high speed!
[MARINE D]
All hands to stations, now!
I repeat, everyone get
to your posts, quickly!
[gasps] What the--?
Tha--That's a pirate ship!
Fire!
[PIRATES yelling]
[MARINE E groans]
[ALL grunting]
[MARINE OFFICER A]
Hurry up!
There's another
one at two o'clock!
[MARINE F]
Pirate ships are popping up
all over the place, sir!
What the hell is this?
[MARINES chuckling]
[G-5 MARINE A chuckles]
[G-5 MARINE B] Tryin' to get on
her good side, you suck-up?
Mind your own business!
They final set me free
from that living hell!
I can't die now!
[G-5 MARINE N]
Here comes a big one!
[G-5 MARINE D]
Captain, look out!
[G-5 MARINE E] I'll shield
you from harm, Captain!
[G-5 MARINE F]
Outta the way, I wanna do it!
[TASHIGI]
Move!
[gasps, groans]
[TASHIGI]
I've got it!
[G-5 MARINES cheer]
Whoo! That's our captain for ya!
[G-5 MARINE H whistles] That was
really beautiful, Captain!
Yeah, and the swordplay
wasn't half bad either!
[TASHIGI] Are you taking
this seriously or not?
[G-5 MARINES chuckle]
Every one of you should know
how to deflect a bombshell!
There was never a better
time to use that skill
than just now, so--
[G-5 MARINE J]
Um, that's a mast.
[TASHIGI gasps]
Here, I cleaned your
glasses for you.
[TASHIGI]
Uh--uh, thank you.
[G-5 MARINE K]
She's so cute!
She's like a flower
among this filthy crew!
You know, I'd die for you
in a heartbeat, Captain!
[G-5 MARINE O]
Yeah, me, too!
Don't fool around in
the middle of combat!
You'll get yourselves killed.
The G-5 is such a joke!
And to think you're
all Navy soldiers!
[G-5 MARINE A giggles]
You had better not
take me lightly
just because I'm a woman!
Aw, Captain Tashigi!
You're just so adorable,
how could I not respect you?
That's exactly the kind
of treatment I mean!
There's a difference between
respect and whatever you--
Keep it down, Tashigi.
[ALL gasp]
[SMOKER]
I'm busy.
My apologies, sir!
[SMOKER] I see. So a
pirate from the seafloor
named Hordy Jones
took you captive?
That explains a lot.
That must be why
there were no rookies
passing through
Fishman Island recently.
Took us captive? I wish!
He made us his slaves!
Hordy stirred up some kind of
civil war on Fishman Island.
He made us fight for his side.
And then this group of
pirates set us free!
[SMOKER]
A group of pirates?
Yeah, but I'm not
telling you who!
[PIRATE C gasps]
Don't be stupid!
Can't you see who
we're dealing with?
They're not just Navy soldiers,
they're the G-5!
They use pirates as bait
when they fish for sharks,
or even as kindling
for a bonfire!
[PIRATE C] They're the
rogue unit of the Navy!
They don't even obey
orders from HQ!
Trust me, you have no idea how
ruthless these bastards are!
Of all the people
to be caught by,
we had to end up in the hands of
the notorious
"White Chase" Smoker!
Well, Vice-Admiral? Can we
take over from here? [chuckles]
[PIRATE B screams]
No, I beg you!
[PIRATE C gasps]
I'll tell you everything!
Please! Have mercy!
[chuckles]
The ones who defeated
Hordy Jones and his crew.
It was the Straw Hat
Pirates, okay?
I know that already.
Idiot.
[NARRATOR] Filled with both
excitement and trepidation,
the crew finally sets
sail for the New World.
After bidding their
fond farewells,
the Straw Hats leave with
a new Log Pose in hand.
Luffy makes a promise
to the tearful Shirahoshi
and recalls an old vow
he made to Shanks.
Overcoming trials and tragedies,
Luffy's dream is on
course once again!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Finally Time to Go!
Goodbye, Fishman Island!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!